prepare new release 3.2.1 (#3801)
tracim/tracim: changelog.md

## 3.2.1 / 2020-11-04

### New Features

> - Full implementation of spaces access types: open, on request and confidential (spaces available in Tracim < 3.2.1 are considering like type confidential)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Full implementation of spaces access types: open, on request and confidential. Spaces created with Tracim < 3.2.1 are all of type confidential and retain their current access behavior.
```

Author: Modification done.

> - Full implementation of spaces access types: open, on request and confidential (spaces available in Tracim < 3.2.1 are considering like type confidential)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Full implementation of spaces access types: open, on request and confidential (the type of spaces created on Tracim < 3.2.1 is confidential)
```

> - Allow user to discover and join spaces

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Allow users to discover, join and leave spaces
```

- New plugins available:

>   - Adds every new user to all open spaces and to every newly created open space. You need to activate this plugin `tracim_backend_autoinvite` (documentation avialable [here](backend/official_plugins/README.md))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Adds every new user to all open spaces and to every newly created open space. You need to activate this plugin `tracim_backend_autoinvite` (documentation available [here](backend/official_plugins/README.md))
```

>   - Recursively adds new members of space to its parents with the default user role of each space. You need to activate this plugin `tracim_backend_parent_access` (documentation avialable [here](backend/official_plugins/README.md))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Recursively adds new members of a space to its parents with the default user role of each space. You need to activate this plugin `tracim_backend_parent_access` (documentation avialable [here](backend/official_plugins/README.md))
```

Author: Can you check if this fix need to be added also in officla plugin README ? (if yes, I can change readme in this MR)

Author: This is already done in plugin readme. I had this fix in chnagelog.

>   - Recursively adds new members of space to its parents with the default user role of each space. You need to activate this plugin `tracim_backend_parent_access` (documentation avialable [here](backend/official_plugins/README.md))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Recursively adds new members of space to its parents with the default user role of each space. You need to activate this plugin `tracim_backend_parent_access` (documentation available [here](backend/official_plugins/README.md))
```

>   - When a user is removed from a space, this plugin recursively removes this user from the children of this space. You need to activate this plugin `tracim_backend_child_removal` (documentation avialable [here](backend/official_plugins/README.md))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - When a user is removed from a space, this plugin recursively removes this user from the children of this space. You need to activate this plugin `tracim_backend_child_removal` (documentation available [here](backend/official_plugins/README.md))
```

> - Group vendor dependencies to make faster and smaller frontend builds (feature for developers and production)

Reviewer 2: It also makes Tracim way more lightweight, enabling usage of Tracim on cheap / older device such as my cheap old phone and reducing bandwidth consumption when loading tracim (making Tracim faster to load on small connections)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- vendor dependencies are grouped, making Tracim faster to load on small connections and older devices, and more lightweight on memory consumption. For developers and sys admins, this also makes Tracim build faster.
```

- Renaming `Text document` app to `Note` (issue [#3621](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/3621))
- Renaming `Shared space` to `Space` (issue [#3582](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/3582))
- Webdav (issue [#3625](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/3625)):

>   - It is no longer possible to show two spaces with the same name in WebDAV. If two spaces at the same place have the same, will only show the first oldest space.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - It is no longer possible to show two spaces with the same name in WebDAV. If two spaces at the same place have the same name, only the oldest space will be shown.
```
